Previously on The Blacklist...
Alan Fitch
directed me to that safe.
What does he want me to know?
It is happening.
What is?
What's happening?
Aram. I need your assistance
locating the source of a call
that was placed to a pay phone.
I can't stress enough
the urgency of this matter.
I don't think
you have any real comprehension
of the depth and breadth
of your vulnerability.
But only the one
who possesses the Fulcrum
could possibly fathom that.
I don't think you have it.
Don't think you ever did.
The Fulcrum--
if you have it.
if you can prove you have it.
do it now.
Your life depends on it.
I have the Fulcrum.
Tell me what it is. and
I'll tell you where to find it.
Yes.
I'm the one who hired Tom Keen
to enter your life.
Here.
This is all you wanted.
Lizzy. Lizzy!
Raymond!
Dembe!
What you're asking me to do...
I appreciate
that you turned yourself in.
You came back for me.
Liz. I'm in danger.
I need the passports.
I can't.
I just can't.
Liz. please!
They're not just passports.
You hid them in a box
under the floor in our home.
They represent everything
I'm trying to forget.
I know. I wouldn't ask you
unless it was important.
They're locked up in Evidence.
That's exactly why
they should still be clean.
I'm not gonna walk
into Evidence
and steal them for you--
Why would I do that?
You want me gone? Do this.
and you'll never see me again.
You need to leave. Go. Now.
All units. shots fired
at Euclid and Drake.
Echo 23 en route.
Echo 28 en route.
Copy.
FBI-issued plate--
7-4-3-6-Uniform-Sierra--
under fire.
Possible officer involved
in shooting.
One male confirmed down.
Repeat--
plate 7-4-3-6-Uniform-Sierra.
Officer under fire.
Stay down!
- You have eyes?
- Fourth floor. East side.
Look out!
Down.
We got to get him out of here.
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
- Get in!
- Let's go!
Cooper. this is Keen.
Reddington is down.
I repeat. he is down--
shot and critical.
Shot?
Where? Where are you?
Euclid and Drake.
headed southwest.
Lizzy. don't.
Reddington. stay still.
He's shot in the chest.
I'm gonna lose him
if I don't get him to an ER.
Reddington's shot--
Euclid and Drake.
Providence?
- No. University.
- University.
I'm trying to ping
Agent Keen's phone now.
Are you secure?
Unfriendlies?
Unknown. but I'm gonna need
an escort and backup.
What are you doing?
Keen? Agent Keen?
Dial "star. seven. seven."
- What?
- Star. seven. seven.
77.
What is your location?
Who is this?
Mr. Kaplan?
What is your location?
Capitol and M.
I don't know
what Mr. Kaplan has planned.
but we need to get him
to a hospital right away.
No hospitals.
I'm sorry.
but we don't have a choice.
I'm not gonna let him die.
and it can't wait.
Mr. Kaplan?
There's a warehouse--
5312 Mass Avenue.
Say it back.
Get there now.
We'll be waiting.
Who will?
Hold on.
Please. Just hold on.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
_
♪ save me ♪
♪ I'm down. man ♪
♪ I'm dyin' to meet you. no ♪
♪ with the pen brushing
in my thumbs now ♪
♪ I'm thinkin'
don't let me go ♪
♪ don't let me go ♪
One of our men on Euclid
is dead.
And the target?
Hit. Wounded.
Still in play.
They'll want to take our man
to the ME.
That cannot happen.
Still alive.
I want eyes on any and all
medical resources he has.
Get someone to the crime scene
and find out how he got away
and where he is hiding.
♪ stranded in the sand ♪
♪ the time press
against my hopes now ♪
♪ liquid. it fills my mouth ♪
♪ spit it out ♪
♪ well. spit it out ♪
♪ whoo! ♪
♪ go! ♪
♪ baby. oh. precious baby ♪
♪ keep movin'.
show me some light ♪
♪ keep breathin'.
don't want you leavin' ♪
♪ ain't gonna be
the same without you ♪
♪ it'll be all right ♪
He's shot in the chest.
right side.
Entered the
intercostal in the eighth rib.
Absent breath sound
in the right lung.
BP is 60 over palp.
Pulse is thready.
Abdomen's distended.
I need six units now.
X-rays now.
Give me a tube.
Give me a scope.
He dropped a lung--
stat chest tube.
You need--
you need to find Leonard Caul.
Caul?
Leonard Caul.
T-t-talk to Dembe.
You need to find him. Lizzy.
Get that line in.
Quick. Stay with us.
Gone?
What do you mean. gone?
We instructed Keen to go to
the ER at University.
Our people cleared the floor.
They never showed.
There's been
an attempted assassination
in broad daylight.
You know Reddington was hit.
and yet he and Keen have disappeared?
Well. that was certainly
trial by fire.
Mr. Attorney General.
Not for another week.
Not ever if the press has
anything to say about it.
I'm up there spinning gold
about all the great things
Justice will do
under my leadership
when I've got an aide
whispering in my ear about--
We just found out ourselves.
Harold. I was caught
with my pants down.
and as three ex-wives
can attest to.
it's not a pretty sight.
Keen's gone AWOL.
Why were they meeting
in the first place?
Were they working a case?
I'm not aware of
the nature of the meeting.
Harold. I don't need to tell you
what's at stake here.
You need to contain this--
whatever it takes.
whatever you need.
The full resources of my office
are at your disposal.
Thanks. Tom.
Excuse me for a moment.
Cooper.
- Reddington's in surgery.
- Surgery?
Where? We've checked
every ER in the city.
We're in a warehouse--
5312 Mass Avenue.
He has some sort of
mobile crash team.
Dispatch units now.
Reddington gave me a name.
Who?
Leonard Caul.
Who is Leonard Caul?
He must know something about the
people who organized the hit.
So Reddington knows
who's behind this.
Whoever they are
came after Reddington
because they thought he had
this device. the Fulcrum.
It's a blackmail file
on a group. this cabal.
He told them he had it.
and he didn't.
And they finally called
his bluff and tried to kill him.
and they will not stop
until they do.
Unless we find Leonard Caul.
There's nothing on him in the system.
According to Dembe.
before Fitch died.
he told Reddington
to find Caul.
that he would have information
about the Fulcrum. the cabal.
Reddington asked Aram
to trace a call to an apartment.
but when they got there.
Caul was gone.
All they found was blood--
no body.
Well. he didn't tell me
what it was for.
and I. uh. definitely
didn't ask.
but I could probably still
pull up the location.
All right. Keen.
We got a team on the way.
Stay safe for 15 minutes.
and you're home.
We need to find the tear.
What are his vitals?
BP is 90 over 60. pulse 140.
I'm giving pressors
and more fluids.
I need another unit of blood.
So. Aram traced that call to an
apartment at 3130 Sheridan Road.
The name on the lease
was an alias.
but there was a police report
filed by the apartment manager
who found blood in the home.
So we pulled the admission logs
at the nearby ERs.
Three gunshot wounds. six cases
of domestic violence--
And one guy who comes in
with his two fingers
in a ziplock bag.
- Leonard Caul?
- He didn't leave a name.
There were cops in the ER.
and when he saw them. he left.
How can you be sure
it's the man we're looking for?
We can't.
But he left his fingers behind.
I want any surveillance
from that ER.
Interview the doctors on call.
Contact Metro PD.
see if they ran the prints.
We've got company!
Protective detail.
We've got units
securing the perimeter
and a chopper inbound
to evac the patient.
No. we're not--
What the hell?!
The Bureau issues
Glocks or Sigs.
Whoever these gentlemen are.
they're not FBI.
There will be more.
_
How long before we can...
- What's his status?
- What?
His status. what is it?
Can he be moved?
No. M-maybe.
I don't know.
I need a definitive answer.
We have to go now.
Go? We can't go.
If we move him.
he'll bleed to death.
We just now found
the compromised artery.
We still have to cauterize it
before we can close him.
So do it.
That was his job.
Does anyone here
have surgical training?
Two years. Fresno State.
You're up. Fresno.
They're coming.
Yes. I responded to
their message.
but we don't have
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
20? No. Even he would need
at least 30 minutes
to close this tear.
You have 15.
No. Absolutely not.
Nick. please.
Liz. I haven't heard from you
for three years.
I wouldn't ask
if I had any other choice.
Find another doctor.
I had another doctor.
- Great. Use him.
- I can't.
Why?
Did you turn down
his marriage proposal. too?
Listen to me-- a man is going
to die if you don't help us.
I'm begging you.
Where do you want me to go?
What are you doing here?
I live here.
I didn't know where else to go.
Over here.
BP is 70 palp.
Pulse is critical but stable.
This is for you. Liz.
not for him.
The protective detail
is at the warehouse.
There's no sign
of Keen or Reddington.
The shooter at
the first crime scene.
the EMTs who were taking him
to the ME.
they never showed.
There were three bodies
found at the warehouse--
two men posing as FBI
and Dr. Mark Child.
Chief of Surgery at Georgetown.
Agent Keen.
Are you safe?
Who's with you?
Just us--
Ressler. Navabi. Mojtabai.
And who dispatched the detail?
The DC field office.
That must be
where the leak came from.
- Where are you?
- A safe house.
Give me an address.
We'll send our own men now.
Reddington's team is here.
We're secure.
How is he?
He's...
I don't know for sure.
but it's bad.
What do you need?
Tell us. and we'll do it.
I need you to find
Leonard Caul.
I thought you'd be gone.
That was the plan.
Then I thought
maybe if I stayed.
I'd have a shot at
a normal life.
Does Nik have any idea
what you've gotten him into?
He's not a part of this.
He's just a doctor.
Reddington's a bad man. Liz.
He's bad for anyone who comes
in contact with him.
He's bad for you.
His world. this right here.
unless you get out.
this will devour you.
It doesn't matter if he's bad.
What matters is
he has answers about me.
and I'm staying
until I get them.
Well. maybe I could
help you get those answers.
I doubt that.
Liz. I know a lot more
about Reddington than you think.
The bullet nicked
the right lung.
I was able to reinflate it
with a chest tube.
and we'll start him on
a prophylactic antibiotic.
What about the bullet?
That's the problem.
It has a percussion cap.
which causes it
to essentially...
explode.
By some miracle. it didn't.
If I try to remove it.
if I touch it the wrong way...
It's like
there's a land mine inside him
and you're asking me
to dig it up.
Can you do it or not?
We were never
formally introduced.
I believe the only time we met
you were in her kitchen.
making coffee in your underwear.
Well. if it's any consolation.
she dumped me. too.
Can you do it?
You may not remember. but I
worked my way through school--
nights. weekends. and I still
had to take out loans.
I busted my hump.
and I am still $376.422 in debt.
Can I do it? Absolutely.
For $376.422.
I know who he is.
I don't why he's here or
what you have to do with him.
but I know.
$500.000--
unmarked. untraceable.
Mr. Reddington insists on being
prepared for all contingencies.
Shall we continue?
We checked with NCIC.
The prints they ran on
our eight-fingered mystery man
were a dead end.
No criminal record.
no background checks.
He wasn't in their system.
But he was in Mossad's.
Leonard Caul's real name
is Joseph McCray.
He's former CIA.
Last-known photograph dates back
to 1981.
He was part of
Operation Harwood.
a covert surveillance unit
run out of Managua
to keep tabs on
the Sandinistas.
The Agency knows who he is.
but they won't say.
Classified.
We can't find him
because his job is to blend in.
He's basically eyes and ears--
nothing else.
He may as well have been
a ghost.
Harwood was run by
a woman named Helen Jubal.
Senate Intelligence Committee
shut it down
in the wake of
Iran-contra.
Tom Connolly was legal counsel.
You think Connolly
can get her to talk?
I'll ask him.
We've been trading
a few favors lately.
I could be arrested for even
acknowledging Mr. McCray exists.
As luck would have it. I know
a few people in law enforcement.
Tommy said
you were a smooth operator.
He says you can help me find
Leonard Caul.
or the man you know
as Mr. McCray.
Haven't spoken to him in years.
Is that a fact?
Well. the unit broke up.
He didn't take it well.
became--
Ms. Jubal.
let's cut to it. shall we?
McCray was an agent of yours.
He's in trouble. on the run.
The next Attorney General
has given me carte blanche
to inquire as to
his whereabouts.
Anyone obstructing that inquiry
will have to answer to him.
He came to me recently.
said he'd gotten himself
wrapped up
in some kind of business
with Raymond Reddington.
Hmm.
That's what this is about--
your hunt for Reddington.
Ms. Jubal.
tell me where he is.
He's scared. hurt.
had no place to go--
I'm assuming
because of Reddington.
If I tell you where he is.
do you promise to use
that information
only as a means
to find Reddington?
You have my word.
Elizabeth.
In Bethesda.
there's a small second-story flat.
In the flat.
you will find a desk.
The middle drawer has
a false front.
Remove it. and you will find
a silver case along with a key.
This is about the Fulcrum.
Yes.
You still have it.
I do.
This case. the key...
I need you to bring them here
to Raymond. to Leonard Caul.
That's why Reddington
wanted us to find Caul.
because he can decipher
the Fulcrum.
He's gonna be okay.
This flat...
Raymond can never know
you were there.
Do you understand. Elizabeth?
I would go if I could. but I can't.
I can't leave him alone.
Raymond must never know
you were there.
Where are we with this thing?
According to Agent Keen.
Reddington is in surgery.
It's touch and go.
In surgery? Where?
What's their location?
I'm not at liberty to say.
I suggest you take the liberty.
We have a lead on Leonard Caul.
Helen Jubal tipped us
to a safe house in Alexandria.
My people are looking into it.
That's not what I asked.
I asked for
the location of Reddington.
He's right to keep us
out of the loop. Reven.
You know the protocol.
If there's even the slightest
suspicion of a leak.
information
is need-to-know.
I trust Agent Keen.
After the Harbormaster?
I'm beginning to regret
sweeping that under the rug.
She kept this Fulcrum secret.
a blackmail file
on some nefarious group.
and then she gave this file
to Reddington?
I don't know
that she gave it to him.
I appreciate your loyalty
to Agent Keen. Harold.
but you have to admit
there's a possibility
she's being completely
manipulated by Reddington.
What if the reason
he chose her in the first place
is because he wanted to get
his hands on this thing?
What if that's the real reason
he turned himself in?
I don't believe that.
All this talk about
some personal connection
between Reddington and Keen.
why he chose her.
some shared history--
What if Reddington doesn't care
about Agent Keen
and it's all been
a manipulation?
Hey. sweetheart.
Hi. kitty.
The doctor says you did well.
Elizabeth?
She's fine.
You need to go to my flat.
I'm taking care of it.
You were right. Dembe.
I should've told her.
I understand why you didn't.
No. you don't.
The blessing of an honest man.
She still hasn't found Caul.
She won't.
But if she looks for him.
he'll find her.
Hello. Agent Keen...
Why don't we go back inside
and have a little chat?
Don't take it.
You take that money.
and he'll have his hooks in you.
Trust me.
it's the last thing you want.
I'm not a criminal.
I've never even gotten
a speeding ticket.
Don't take it.
When I heard
you two were getting married.
I was happy for her.
People said you were okay.
a teacher.
Later on. they told me
you were planning
to adopt a child
and start a family.
Guess you two decided
to go another route.
I won't take you to Reddington.
Yes. you will.
You tried to kill him
in the street today.
at the warehouse.
The cabal tried to kill him.
It's what they do--
eliminate their enemies.
You're Leonard Caul.
Reddington sent you to find me.
What's your connection
to Reddington?
Alan Fitch.
I believe he wanted us to meet.
Shortly after
Reddington contacted me.
there was
an attempt on my life.
That's when I knew
I could trust him.
When someone tried to kill you?
Yes. the cabal--
to keep us apart.
I've been in hiding ever since.
watching.
waiting for a signal
from Reddington
that it was safe to meet.
He sent word earlier today.
He was shot earlier today.
I know.
He sent word after...
through you.
He knew you'd be watching.
I don't like having
the FBI running my prints.
accessing my covert files.
talking with my former CO.
When I saw that happening.
I knew it meant
one of two things.
You either want to arrest me
or talk to me.
Which is it. Agent Keen?
Tell me what you know
about the Fulcrum.
Is that the interface?
You don't know how it works.
If you trust him. Agent Keen.
you will show it to me.
It's what he wants.
He gave you a key.
You know.
that day at the hospital.
the day Sam died.
I think about that day a lot.
I worked for you two years--
we never met.
You were always this shadow.
moving from place to place.
talked about. but never seen.
And then...
there you were.
To see you sitting there
after I'd betrayed your trust.
gone to work for Berlin.
I was terrified.
I sat there listening to you
threaten me.
threaten anyone
who could hurt Liz.
And all I could think
was you...
You are the one
who hurts Liz the most.
She's here in this right now
because of you.
And I know
I played a part in that.
and I'm not saying I didn't.
but...
Trying to fix that.
So I told her
the truth about us.
I'm telling you this
because I don't want you
to be confused about my part in
any of this-- you. Liz...
All of it. I'm out.
I'm done.
There's a device--
it's called a "bubble module."
It's the size of a quarter.
Smartest person I know couldn't
figure out how to read this.
That's because
he didn't have the ciphertext.
How did you get it?
I didn't get it.
I wrote it.
First time I saw it.
I was speechless. too.
Some of the names on that list.
people. they're...
CEOs. Defense contractors.
intelligence officers
from China. India.
all over the world.
Those names you saw.
those are just the beginning.
You worked for Fitch.
He was part of it.
He'd been cut out of the loop.
Director didn't trust him.
That's why Fitch reached out
to me.
The Director?
Yes.
Clandestine Services.
Wait-- are you telling me the
director of Clandestine Serv--
Yes.
Keep driving.
But we're here.
We're compromised.
♪ when see you him.
look him in the eye ♪
- You're surrounded.
- Where are you?
We're close.
I don't know how many.
but they're coming.
and you need to be ready.
Reddington--
what's his condition?
He's better.
But he's gonna get us
all killed.
I'm calling for backup.
I got hostiles at Crescent
to the north. more to the west.
Give me a gun.
You don't want the help.
I'm happy to leave.
♪ ...ballpoint pen ♪
♪ and makes nunchaku... ♪
It's okay.
♪ you wake up with a hatchet
over your head ♪
Keen. where the hell are you?
3295 Thompson.
Talk to me.
What's going on?
Our site's been compromised.
I don't know by who.
and right now I don't care.
but Reddington's inside.
and he can't be moved.
I need you to send units now.
Agent Ressler. notify HRT.
I want Hopkins
and his team only.
Copy that.
We need to go back.
You're outnumbered.
We have to go back and help.
There's nothing you can do.
They're going to kill
Reddington.
They're gonna kill everyone.
I-I can't just walk away.
Yes. you can.
and if you know what's good.
you're going to keep walking.
What does that mean?
The Director never believed
that Reddington had the Fulcrum.
The moment Fitch died.
it was only a matter of time
before the Director
called his bluff.
That's it.
What?
Agent Keen.
what are you thinking?
_
Make it quick. I've got the
National Security Council waiting.
How much resistance?
I don't care what it takes.
I want the target eliminated.
Go.
♪ open your eyes.
chokin' on his bed ♪
♪ choking on his bed ♪
We have a situation.
♪ take a toke
of his wet cigarette ♪
♪ he picks your brains.
you stub it on his chest ♪
♪ slit his tongue
with one fast hand ♪
♪ and you stuff his mouth
with the salty sand ♪
♪ tie his arms
with hair from his head ♪
What are you doing. Kate?
Keeping you alive.
♪ like a rusty can ♪
There's nothing
you can do here.
I'm not leaving you. Raymond.
You need to go.
Find a way out.
I'll be fine.
And if I'm not.
you know what to do.
But you won't be able to do it
unless you leave.
♪ I can see you runnin' ♪
♪ and you're gone
in the blink of my eye ♪
♪ gone. gone. gone.
♪ I can see you runnin' ♪
♪ and you're gone
in the blink of my eye ♪
♪ gone. gone. gone.
in the blink of my ♪
♪ blink of my. blink of my ♪
_
President approved it. as well.
Yes.
I-I understand that.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry. but there's
an agent here to see you.
Oh. not now.
It's Elizabeth Keen.
She says she has information
about something
called the Fulcrum.
Thank you.
We are going
to have to postpone.
The President
is expecting us to get back--
will have to wait.
If you'll excuse us.
That will be all.
I admire your nerve. Agent Keen.
barging in here like this.
But I'm afraid it's too late.
Well. then you're gonna
have to read about this
in tomorrow's New York Times.
The Fulcrum.
You didn't think
Reddington had it.
Well. here it is.
and it tells quite a story--
political assassinations.
terrorism.
We know who you are.
what you've done.
You called Reddington's bluff.
and you lost.
Call it off.
I told you it's too late.
Pick up the phone right now
and call it off.
You have no idea
the enemies you just made.
I'm afraid I do.
You can keep that.
We have copies.
I never saw it before.
Saw what?
How much you look like
your mother.
Lizzy.
We've cleared a wing
at Sibley Memorial
for you and your medical team.
Cooper will oversee
your security personally.
Lizzy.
When I hired Tom Keen--
Don't.
There's nothing you can say.
When I hired Tom Keen.
it was...
at a time of profound transition
in your life.
You'd already left behind
the relative safety
and innocence of youth.
Sam's care as a father
had served you well.
but you'd outgrown him.
A-and I knew that...
eventually my life
would jeopardize yours.
So. in an admittedly
presumptuous
and ultimately futile effort
to keep you safe.
I hired Tom simply to be there
as a friend of a friend
to look after you
from an arm's length.
When I learned that
your relationship
had become intimate.
I fired him.
I should've removed him.
but you were already
in love with him.
And Tom. he shifted
his allegiance to Berlin
in part to protect himself
from me.
but also because it allowed for
an inextricable intimacy
and commitment to you.
And so you were married.
And I couldn't stay away
any longer.
A confluence of peril
had entered your life.
and I wanted to be
within reach.
to have influence.
I turned myself in to the FBI
to point you toward a truth
that inevitably
you would have to discover
for yourself.
Is that all of it?
Some of it.
Why couldn't you
just have said yes?
It wouldn't kill you to lie
just once
to make someone feel good.
I understand you're conflicted.
Lives were lost today.
But the work we do
is important.
We help provide
peace. stability.
Children can go to school.
families to church
without fear--
or certainly with less of it
because of us.
And you wanted
to be a part of that.
It's a solemn responsibility...
and. on days like today.
a heavy one.
And few people are capable of
honoring that responsibility.
You are-- we know that.
and we believe in you.
We also know that we asked you
to betray a friend.
Well. you want a seat
at the table.
Now you have one.
Came as soon as I could.
I think you're right.
Reddington...
What happened today...
I think it's gonna devour me.
What I said...
What I meant was that
it would devour most people.
It's not gonna devour you.
You said you could help me
find answers.
Yeah.
I think I can.
Tell me what you know
about Reddington.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-